the Israeli Army says it's investigating
the conduct of some of its soldiers
after a wounded Palestinian man was tied
to the hood of a military vehicle during
a raid in the occupied West Bank the
Israel Defense Forces confirmed the
incident in Janine after video of it
circulated on social
media the man strapped to the Bonnet of
this Israeli army vehicle barely moves
Witnesses in the Israeli military say he
was injured during an arrest W raid in
Janine but that's where the coroporation
stops the Israeli Defense Forces say the
man was a suspect wounded in an exchange
of fire his relatives paint a different
picture mahad was here Hashim was on the
bed and my uncle Majid they opened the
door and started shooting we saw it with
special forces maahad got up and was
about to run but he was shot in the legs
and in the
hand the family say they repeatedly
requested an ambulance for mujahed AI
but none
came we told them we wanted an ambulance
for the wounded person in the room they
told us to bring him to them we got him
outside and for about an hour or half an
hour we kept asking for an ambulance
then we called one 15 minutes later two
Jeeps came and they got him in here they
told us to turn around and not to
look they put him on the hood of the
Jeep and then we were told that they'd
handed him over to the government
Hospital
an Israeli military statement provided
to the Reuters news agency said the
individual was transferred to Medics for
treatment but it didn't give an
explanation for a glaring detail in the
video that the army vehicle drove past
two ambulances without any apparent
interaction it's led to accusations
mujahed azri was being used as a human
shield asum shielding in action that's
what the UN special reporter on the
occupied Palestinian teror teritories
wrote on X further accusing Israel of
turning international law on its
head Israel frequently cites human
shielding by Palestinian militants as a
cause of the huge death toll in Gaza and
for civilian casualties inflicted during
its operations in the occupied West
Bank in its statement the Israeli
military said its soldiers had violated
military protocol in Janine and that it
would invest at and deal with the
incident meanwhile Health officials in
Gaza say at least 39 people have been
killed by Israeli air strikes in the
north of the territory Israel says its
fighter jet struck two Hamas military
sites in Gaza City it's the latest
deadly incident as Israel continues its
campaign to crush the Palestinian
militant
group some carry away the
wounded while others pick through the
rubble searching for survivors after a
residential Block in al-shati was hit by
a deadly
strike this is one of the oldest refugee
camps in the Gaza
Strip people were going about their
business some were at home all of a
sudden fighter jets just struck the
whole area was wiped out highrise
buildings were reduced to Rubble
Witnesses said the strike hit two
neighborhoods and flattened several
apartment buildings and nearby
houses Health officials in Gaza say they
expect to find more bodies following
Saturday's strikes on Gaza
City the whole area was targeted it was
like an earthquake as you see homes were
destroyed there are still families under
the rubble some of the were transferred
to hospital and now we're rescuing the
others who are left under the
rubble the situation is tough due to the
lack of tools and the lack of fuel for
ambulances the Israeli military said its
war planes struck infrastructure used by
the Palestinian militant group Hamas in
the Gaza City area Hamas led the October
7th Terror attacks against Israel now
despite growing International pressure
Israel has vowed to continue its Gaza
offensive until Hamas is wiped
out we should mention tens of thousands
of people have taken to the streets
across Israel in one of the largest mass
demonstrations yet against the
government of prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu as in Jerusalem demonstrators
in Tel Aviv demanded new elections and a
deal for the release of hostages still
being held by Hamas it's the latest in a
string of weekly protests in Israel
against the government's handling of the
war in
Gaza let's get the latest from Tanya
Kramer in Jerusalem Tanya that video has
been released on social media the
Israeli Army has confirmed the incident
what more do we know so
far well as you said this video has been
widely circulated uh on social media
showing an injured Palestinian young man
strapped to the hood of dis military uh
Jeep this happened uh nearby the uh
Northern Town of Janine and the occupied
West Bank as far as we understand and
the Israeli military said that the men
was injured during a raid in this area
and an exchange of fire now according to
the news agency uh Associated Press the
family had asked the army that they
needed an ambulance but instead the Army
had put him on the hood of the military
Jeep strapped him there and then drove
away he he was later we understand uh
transferred uh to a Palestinian
ambulance and then uh taken uh to a
hospital the Army also said in a
statement you quoted them that uh the
forces violated uh orders and uh
procedures that there would been
investigation but it's still to see what
comes out of this investigation there
and that of course comes on the back top
of uh also conflict in the occupied West
Bank we've seen a lot of military rats
arrest rates and also set violence uh in
the occupied West
Bank Tanya every weekend now seems to
bring hundreds if not more Israelis onto
the streets to protest against the
Netanyahu government this weekend was
the biggest according to organizers so
far and netanyahu's government appears
to have no effective rebuttal to
them well I mean the government doesn't
seem to be uh too bothered uh by them uh
as well um and we've been seeing it you
rightly said the the last Saturday night
this was one of the largest
demonstration now in Tel Aviv but we
also saw large numbers coming out uh to
the streets uh in Jerusalem but also
across uh uh the country across Israel
and this comes after a week of
disruption as some of the protest
organizers uh have said we've seen uh
during the week uh Every Other Day
protests or blocking the roads uh uh in
front of the knesset the Israeli
Parliament as well now after October 7
after the attacks said there was some
sense of unity there were protests and
demonstrations to call for the release
of the hostages in Gaza right now there
are over 100 hostages that remain uh
captive uh in Gaza but now we are seeing
more and more also the anti-government
protesters out in the streets or they're
combining forces in some cases so
yesterday again uh protesters called for
the release of the hostages from to the
for the government to come to an
agreement that's on the table but also
uh for uh new elections and uh this is
what we have been seeing here of course
in the past weeks and that comes on the
back top of an ongoing War as we've seen
uh in the report in Gaza with air
strikes and bombardment continuing
throughout Gaza but also in Israel
heightened tensions in Northern Israel
uh in the uh crossb attacks with
Hezbollah in southern Lebanon
okay Tanya that is uh Tanya Kramer in
Jerusalem many thanks